Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment. 

What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?
This assignment was a very helpful way for me to understand the differences between procedural and object oriented programming. It was simple enough in terms of the logical outputs, which helped me to modify each area of the program to work in an object oriented environment without modifying the actual functionality of the program. Having a clear framework also allowed me identify which methods were more relevant to the Computer class, and which belonged in the ResaleShop class. This led me to redistribute certain groups of behaviors between methods and classes, such as within the refurbish function in the shop - the computer object has an update_com attribute for updating the operating system, which is called in the shop's refurbish attribute, which also includes the updating of the price based on the year of production. This reflects a more realistic simulation of the given situation. 
I found that this task forced me to repeatedly review each line of my code in each module to avoid any contradictions or repetitive behaviors, as many of my errors stemmed from the interaction between modules. I struggled initially with understanding how to interact with objects of a class, especially when calling or modifying them in other modules. I often came up with null values or undefined variables in this process, but I think that pushed me to be more vigilant with crosschecking my code and ensuring that each attribute and variable was being referenced appropriately.
I would tell someone taking this course in the future that there is nothing more important than checking and rechecking each step in computer science. It can be tedious work, but it is the only way to catch errors and optimize the efficiency of your code, especially when working with multiple files or modules. It is also the best way to get familiar with the code and its functionality, which makes it far easier to catch potential future problems before they become roadblocks. 